---
title:  "Milo Instant Malt Chocolate Powder 400 g (Pack of 6) "
categories: [Groceries]
tags: [chocolate drink]
author: Doina Fatu & Martin Dye
description: "Review"
rating: 3.5
---

This is a chocolate malty drink which is enriched with some vitamins, 
so it's a great way to try and increase your calcium intake if you're not a great milk drinker.
<br />

<h4>Initial impressions and how to make it</h4>
Ok, so initially, I made it with boiling water and burned my tongue on it. Not a great start. 
I then found it to be a bit bland tasting, however, I hadn't perfected the method. Basically, as with coffee
(note this doesn't contain any caffeine to speak of) you need to *not use boiling water*. If you use boiling water
it will destroy the nice malty flavour.<br />
All you need to do it make sure you don't add boiling water directly to the powder. You can do this by mixing some cold water
with the powder first, and adding boiling water from the kettle, or simply stopping the kettle before it boils (although this won't
produce a consistent temperature).

<h4>Milo 2.0</h4>
Another thing to turn it from an "ok" drink to a "really nice" drink is to *upgrade it*.<br />
To perform the upgrade, simply add a splash of milk and top up with hot water. Also, it's not very sweet, so
I add a little sugar. I would only add more sugar for adults and not kids, as too much refined sugar is not healthy.

<h4><em>Conclusion</em></h4>
After the afore mentioned upgrade and following the guidlines on how to make it, this is quite a nice drink.
And don't forget all those vitamins.

<iframe style="width:120px;height:240px;" marginwidth="0" marginheight="0" scrolling="no" frameborder="0" src="//ws-eu.amazon-adsystem.com/widgets/q?ServiceVersion=20070822&OneJS=1&Operation=GetAdHtml&MarketPlace=GB&source=ac&ref=tf_til&ad_type=product_link&tracking_id=martindye21-21&marketplace=amazon&region=GB&placement=B01M7PEX62&asins=B01M7PEX62&linkId=b1ce94241f5dd962b88f6069a1e9da27&show_border=true&link_opens_in_new_window=false&price_color=333333&title_color=0066c0&bg_color=f2f2f2">
</iframe>

{% comment %}

Link only

{% endcomment %}